Now that we have evidence, why don't we just call the police?
No, it's not the right time yet.
He needs to know that he's been manipulated.
He has been for years.
So I've been following up on the recent orders for this month,
and I kind of say it's not bad.
Tristan, what are you doing here?
Yeah, me and Dad are actually having a conversation right now, so can this wait?
You're always so anxious to get me out of the room.
Are you hiding something?
The hell are you talking about?
It was you who caused the car accident.
You who got me kicked out of the company.
I'm blind because of you.
You've always fought for father's attention.
Always followed his rules.
Josh, you told me I've done the gas and run them all, which is just let me go.
Well, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
The automobile accident.
You did it?
For my whole life, all you ever gave a shit about was who I could become for you.
Don't blame me for this.
You bastard!
Be your brother!
If I let you compete, you were never supposed to hurt each other.